autumn is the big time when he
we still have a lot of hours brad have
also unscrewed at the very beginning where we
starts to carve Toulouse brno arbus
we're going to mix all that stuff for
make a good compost
from spring until autumn
we are simply with the tones
and when composting these herbs
there are always bad smells and
it's not always good these smells
who are nauseating aboard it displeases
to the fake vaset and to yourself it is necessary
well the re for airing clippings of
grass it must be associated with
crushed branches the interest of owning
a crusher that can reduce to nothing
all these plants that are very
bulky in the garden
a little golden rule then what you
believe plants what you can
cut with to its ordinary creators
is valid for for a grinder a
ordinary grinder of course a
grinder for amateurs so here's the
intro diameter that needs to be who can
to be scrambled beyond that when
even be wary so now the purpose
it is to mix that we spent
grinder on the grass to give
the air in principle to others
acknowledgments all cover
well distributed throughout the whole of
surface to what will happen to garlic
fit to next time you go
mowing them back to grass because
that now we are over and
make successive layers like that
and here we will have a component that
wants well managed and that goes well
include
then to finish we will spend our
compost for which decomposes faster
and once we've packed them well if
you are in a dry period we go the rose
and it takes at least 10 liters of water
per square meter to be sure to have
a compound that will decompose well
by grinding the plants, how are you?
save money
are going to make your compost pile bigger
a pile of compost that will be better
quality and next year you
can enrich your garden with a
compost of very good quality